Add explanation for APF debug output (#42075)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control.md

  The output is similar to this:

  ```none
  PriorityLevelName, Index,  PendingRequests, ExecutingRequests, SeatsInUse, NextDispatchR,   InitialSeatsSum, MaxSeatsSum, TotalWorkSum
  workload-low,      14,     27,              0,                 0,          77.64342019ss,   270,             270,         0.81000000ss
  workload-low,      74,     26,              0,                 0,          76.95387841ss,   260,             260,         0.78000000ss
  ...
  leader-election,   0,      0,               0,                 0,          5088.87053833ss, 0,               0,           0.00000000ss
  leader-election,   1,      0,               0,                 0,          0.00000000ss,    0,               0,           0.00000000ss
  ...
  workload-high,     0,      0,               0,                 0,          0.00000000ss,    0,               0,           0.00000000ss
  workload-high,     1,      0,               0,                 0,          1119.44936475ss, 0,               0,           0.00000000ss
  ```

  Explanation for selected column names:

>   - `NextDispatchR`: The R progress meter reading, in units of seat-seconds, at

Reviewer: Who cares about the meaning of `R`?

Author: K8s users should not care.
But the column name has `R`. Saying `The progress meter reading` may mislead the reader think `R` means `Reading`.
I can't find anything better. @tengqm Any suggestions?

Reviewer: Right. If K8s users **mostly** won't care about this debug API, maybe we should consider moving this content to the references section. It is not some basic concepts users should know anyway.

Author: Most k8s users should not care about this, but some cluster operators may care. When they are reading the `debug endpoint` section, it means they will want to understand what each column means here.
I'd suggest keep the column explanation inline with the `debug endpoint` section unless we want to move `debug endpoint` section to somewhere else.

Reviewer 2: There is existing documentation around cluster troubleshooting.

We might want to shift that explanation to be within https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/, and change the APF docs to link to one section of those troubleshooting docs.

Author: If we want to move the troubleshooting related content, we can create a new doc for APF under https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/ and we will move https://v1-23.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control/#diagnostics and https://v1-23.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control/#debug-endpoints there while we keep metrics section as is.
If this make sense, I can make the change.

  The output is similar to this:

  ```none
  PriorityLevelName, FlowSchemaName,   QueueIndex, RequestIndexInQueue, FlowDistingsher,                        ArriveTime,                     InitialSeats, FinalSeats, AdditionalLatency, UserName,                               Verb,   APIPath,                                   Namespace,   Name,   APIVersion, Resource,   SubResource
  workload-low,      service-accounts, 14,         0,                   system:serviceaccount:default:loadtest, 2023-07-18T00:13:08.986534842Z, 10,           0,          0s,                system:serviceaccount:default:loadtest, list,   /api/v1/namespaces/kube-stress/configmaps, kube-stress, ,       v1,         configmaps,
  workload-low,      service-accounts, 14,         1,                   system:serviceaccount:default:loadtest, 2023-07-18T00:13:09.086476021Z, 10,           0,          0s,                system:serviceaccount:default:loadtest, list,   /api/v1/namespaces/kube-stress/configmaps, kube-stress, ,       v1,         configmaps,
  ```

  Explanation for selected column names:
  - `InitialSeats`: The number of seats will be occupied during the initial (normal) stage of execution of the request.

>   - `FinalSeats`: The number of seats will be occupied during the final stage of the execution (accounting for the associated WATCH notifications) of the request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `FinalSeats`: The number of seats will be occupied during the final stage of request execution,
    accounting for the associated WATCH notifications.
```

Author: Done

>   - `AdditionalLatency`: The additional duration of the final stage of execution of the request. FinalSeats will be occupied during this time period. It does not mean any latency that a user will observe.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `AdditionalLatency`: The extra time taken during the final stage of request execution.
    FinalSeats will be occupied during this time period. It does not mean any latency that a user will observe.
```

Reviewer 4: This looks like a good improvement to me.

Author: Done
